Release/1.0.0 (#1)
linuxpolska/ezd-rp: charts/ezd-backend/1.0.0/app-readme.md

Reviewer: docs: requires review

## LP Backend for EZD RP 

This chart is based off of the some upstream charts postgresql, rabbitmq, redis. The chart deploys set of operators and CRDs, which necessary to configure postgresql, rabbitmq, redis.

> For more information on how to use the feature, refer to our [docs](https://qwiatu-linuxpolska.github.io/ezd/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use the feature, refer to our [docs](https://github.com/linuxpolska/ezd-rp).
```
